DECOMPRESSION FPGA DESIGN (GZIP and SNAPPY) (#7)
tyoungsc/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/DPC++FPGA/ReferenceDesigns/decompress/README.md

## Troubleshooting

If an error occurs, you can get more details by running `make` with
the `VERBOSE=1` argument:
``make VERBOSE=1``
For more comprehensive troubleshooting, use the Diagnostics Utility for
Intel® oneAPI Toolkits, which provides system checks to find missing
dependencies and permissions errors.
[Learn more](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/diagnostic-utility-user-guide/top.html).

### In Third-Party Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)

You can compile and run this Reference Design in the Eclipse* IDE (in Linux*) and the Visual Studio* IDE (in Windows*). For instructions, refer to the following link: [Intel® oneAPI DPC++ FPGA Workflows on Third-Party IDEs](https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-fpga-workflow-on-ide)

## Running the Reference Design

 1. Run the sample on the FPGA emulator (the kernel executes on the CPU).
     ```
     ./decompress.fpga_emu    (Linux)
     decompress.fpga_emu.exe  (Windows)
     ```

2. Run the sample on the FPGA device.
     ```
     ./decompress.fpga        (Linux)
     ```

### Example of Output

> You should see output similar to the following in the console for the GZIP and SNAPPY versions, respectively:

Reviewer: How is the user selecting between a GZIP and SNAPPY decompression? Is it chosen at compile time? or are both versions compiled to HW? Does the exe figures out if it needs to decompress using GZIP or SNAPPY?

Author: Using a compile-time macro. From main.cpp:
```cpp
// ensure only one of GZIP and SNAPPY is defined
#if defined(GZIP) and defined(SNAPPY)
static_assert(false, "Only one of GZIP and SNAPPY can be defined!");
#endif

// if neither of GZIP and SNAPPY is defined, default to SNAPPY
#if not defined(GZIP) and not defined(SNAPPY)
#define SNAPPY
#endif
```

I will add a not about this in the README

Author: I'll also add a line in the stdout saying which version of the decompression is happening.

Reviewer 2: I think you should probably have a CMAKE argument that adds the appropriate command line arguments.  That is what I did for gzip/gzip_ll.  You could make it just a makefile argument, but it fits better with our regtest infra if it's done in the cmake (not the best reason to do it that way, but I like the cmake solution anyway)

Author: I do have this. But I included this in case someone goes rogue and doesn't use CMake.

# Decompression

> This DPC++ reference design implements both GZIP and Snappy decompression on an FPGA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This DPC++ reference design can be compiled to implement either GZIP or Snappy decompression on an FPGA.
```

>        make fpga

Reviewer 2: The instructions should be updated to tell you how to choose between GZIP and SNAPPY.  I'm assuming (hoping) it's an argument to CMAKE . . .

Author: It is an argument to CMake, and the instructions are in the README:

```
To select between GZIP and SNAPPY decompression, use the -DGZIP=1 and -DSNAPPY=1 `cmake` flags as shown below, respectively:
 
   cmake .. -DGZIP=1
   cmake .. -DSNAPPY=1
```
